# Bowtie SDK END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This End User License Agreement (this “Agreement”) accompanies the
Bowtie Software Development Kit for the software and related explanatory
materials, including any upgrades, modified versions, updates,
additions, and copies thereto (the “SDK”) and provides the terms and
conditions under which you may access and use the SDK.

## NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBER:

This is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or an
entity) and Young Alfred Inc. (“Young Alfred” or “Licensor”). BY USING
THE SDK, INCLUDING DOWNLOADING THE SDK, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. If you do not agree to the terms of this
Agreement, DO NOT USE OR DOWNLOAD THE SDK.

## Grant of License

This Agreement permits you to use the SDK only for the purpose of your
internal development of applications or platforms to enable integration
and communication with the Young Alfred Bowtie API and services. You are
hereby granted a limited, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the SDK for this sole purpose
(“License”).  Use of the SDK for any purpose not expressly permitted by
this Agreement is prohibited.

## Intellectual Property Ownership; Third Party Content

The SDK and all of the data together with any charts, graphs, models,
images, data visualizations, information, analyses, datasheets, designs
and source code included in or generated by the SDK are the property of,
and may be copyrighted or licensed by, Young Alfred or its Licensors
(“Third Party Content”), and are protected by United States and
international copyright laws.  Young Alfred may have additional
restrictions, terms and conditions governing use of their Third Party
Content, and by utilizing such Third Party Content available in or
through the SDK you agree to comply with those third party licensor
restrictions, terms and conditions.

Young Alfred’s respective names and all other logos, slogans,
trademarks, service marks, or trade dress on the SDK that reference
Young Alfred’s products and services, and all stylized versions of the
foregoing, whether registered or unregistered, are owned by Young
Alfred. Unauthorized use of Young Alfred’s or other third-party
trademarks is prohibited by law.

Young Alfred may also have patents, patent applications, trademarks,
copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering the SDK and
the Third Party Content, and retains all right, title, and interest in
and to such intellectual property rights.

You agree that Young Alfred or its Licensors are the sole owner(s)
and/or authorized distributor(s) of the SDK and any output thereof
(including the Third Party Content), and except as expressly described
in this Agreement, you are not granted any right, title or interest in
or to the SDK, including in or to any intellectual property or
proprietary right therein.

## User Obligations

You will use the SDK only in accordance with this Agreement.  By using
the SDK, you represent, warrant and covenant that:

- You will retain copyright notices and other proprietary notices on the
  SDK, all items therein, and all subsequent copies.
- You will not make, distribute, or disclose copies of the SDK or
  information obtained from the SDK, or otherwise transfer the SDK or
  information obtained from the SDK.
- You will not attempt to modify, create derivative works, translate,
  adapt, edit, decompile, decrypt, disassemble, or reverse engineer the
  SDK or any software programs used by Young Alfred or its Licensors in
  connection with the SDK.

- You will not rent, lease, sublicense, distribute, disseminate, or
  otherwise share the SDK including any information or output thereof
  (including the Third Party Content).

- You will not use the SDK including any information or output thereof
  (including the Third Party Content) to develop any product or service
  having substantially similar functions as the SDK.

- You will not use, or allow the use of, the SDK including any information
  or output thereof (including the Third Party Content) in contravention
  of any international, federal, state or other applicable laws or any
  other rules or requirements having the effect of law, including, without
  limitation, any laws or regulations governing the export of computer
  software, or any laws, regulations, rules of self-regulatory
  organizations (such as stock exchanges and clearing agencies).

- You are solely responsible for the equipment, operating platforms,
  Internet access and software (other than the SDK) that may be necessary
  to use the SDK.  You will also provide, at your own cost and expense,
  all connections from your computer system to the SDK.  You acknowledge
  that Young Alfred and its Licensors disclaim any responsibility for the
  compatibility of the SDK with your facilities, software, data, files,
  communications, protocols and equipment, and you expressly release Young
  Alfred and each of its Licensors from any liability you may incur as the
  result of any such incompatibility.

- Notwithstanding any assistance, testing or trouble-shooting rendered by
  Young Alfred or any Licensor in enabling you to use the SDK, you retain
  full and sole ultimate responsibility for ensuring that your systems and
  means of communicating with the SDK are compatible with the SDK and that
  your and your systems’ use the SDK do not fail and are error free.  You
  shall not introduce any computer program to the SDK which is injurious
  or damaging to the SDK or the data contained therein.

- You will not engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the
  quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the
  functionality of, the SDK, including, without limitation, the use of any
  virus, bots, worm, trojan horse, time bomb, trap door, denial of service
  attack, automated repetitive requests for information, or any other
  device that causes damage to any hardware, software, or equipment used
  in connection with the SDK.

## Term and Termination

The License is effective until terminated. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, Young Alfred may immediately terminate
the License granted hereunder by written notice to you if you breach any
term of this Agreement.  

Upon termination of the License, you must remove all full and parties
copies of the SDK and all items therein from your computer systems and
discontinue the use of the SDK.

## Disclaimer of Warranties

EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS, LIMITED WARRANTIES PROVIDED IN THIS
SECTION, NEITHER YOUNG ALFRED NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS MAKES ANY
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SDK OR ANY SUPPORT
SERVICES (IF APPLICABLE), AND YOUNG ALFRED AND EACH OF ITS LICENSORS
DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT
BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW, OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF
TRADE.  YOUNG ALFRED SPECIFICALLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SDK SHALL
MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR SHALL OPERATE IN ALL COMBINATIONS WHICH
MAY BE SELECTED FOR USE BY YOU; THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SDK SHALL BE
ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED; OR THAT ALL ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE SDK
SHALL BE CORRECTED.  There can be no assurance that the Data will be
accurate or complete, or that it will be suitable for your purposes.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LATENCY AND DELAYS WITH REGARD TO DELIVERY OF
CONTENT THROUGH THE SDK MAY BE DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES OUTSIDE OF YOUNG
ALFRED’s OR ITS LICENSORS’ CONTROL, INCLUDING NETWORK BANDWIDTH, SERVER
CAPACITY, AND OTHER FACTORS EFFECTING THE INTERNET GENERALLY AND YOUNG
ALFRED’S, ITS LICENSORS’ OR YOUR ACCESS OR CONNECTION TO IT, AND YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUNG ALFRED AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE IN ANY RESPECT FOR ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES,
COSTS, AND EXPENSES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO SUCH
LATENCY OR DELAYS.  

## Product Disclaimer

The SDK, including all Third Party Content available in or through the
SDK, is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The SDK is to
be used for informational purposes only. Use of the SDK and any products
or services it enables is at your own risk.  Young Alfred and its
Licensors expressly disclaim any responsibility for Third Party Content
including the accuracy of the information provided by the Licensors or
through your use of the SDK.

## Limitation of Liability

Young Alfred and its Licensors will not be liable for any damages or
injury, including but not limited to, special, indirect, incidental, or
consequential damages, caused by the SDK or Third Party Content
available in or through the SDK or any use of or inability to use the
SDK, including, but not limited to, any error, omission, interruption,
defect, delay in operation or transmission, failure of performance, loss
of data, or computer virus, even if an authorized representative of
Young Alfred or any of its Licensors has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.  You hereby agree that the maximum liability of Young
Alfred and its Licensors to you is limited to the lesser of the amount
paid by you to Young Alfred for the SDK or fifty dollars ($50.00).

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Young Alfred and its
Licensors, and each of their respective subsidiaries, divisions,
affiliates, officers, managers, directors, representatives, agents, and
employees (collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all
liability, damages and costs (including, without limitation, attorneys’
fees) incurred by the Indemnitees in connection with your use of the
SDK, including without limitation, any and all liability or loss arising
out of any action taken in reliance on the SDK, or and other Third Party
Content, or with respect to a breach or alleged breach of any of your
obligations set forth in this Agreement. Young Alfred and each Licensor,
as applicable, reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the
exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification
by you. You shall not settle any matter without the written consent of
Young Alfred or such Licensor, as applicable. You shall cooperate as
fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.

## Export; Government Restricted Rights

You acknowledge that the export of the SDK, or any technical data or
other commodities is or may be subject to export or import control and
you agree that the SDK, or any technical data or other commodities, or
the direct or indirect product thereof will not be exported (or
reexported from a country of installation) directly or indirectly,
unless you obtain all necessary licenses as required by applicable law.

## Open Source

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, you acknowledge that are not
licensed to and that you will not integrate or use this SDK with any
open source software or otherwise take any action that could require
disclosure, distribution, or licensing of all or any part of the SDK in
source code form, for the purpose of making derivative works, or at no
charge. Any violation of the foregoing provision shall immediately
terminate all of your licenses and other rights to the SDK granted under
this Agreement.

## Feedback

If you provide Young Alfred with information, suggestions and feedback
regarding the design or performance of the SDK (collectively,
"Feedback"), you agree that Young Alfred is free to use such Feedback
however it chooses, including the unrestricted and irrevocable right,
but not obligation, to incorporate the Feedback into its products,
services and business and that YA shall have no obligation to compensate
or otherwise credit you. If you experience any bugs or failures relating
to the SDK, you will immediately notify Young Alfred of such bugs or
failures.

## Confidentiality

You acknowledge that while using the SDK you may be exposed to certain
confidential or proprietary information of Young Alfred such as
information regarding research, development, product plans, business
plans, market research or insights, products, services, equipment,
software, trade secrets, inventions, know-how, processes, designs,
drawings, formulations, specifications, product configuration
information, prototypes, samples, data sets, marketing and finance
matters, procurement manufacturing, markets, customers, investors sales,
and forecasts, which may be marked as “Confidential” or “Proprietary” or
otherwise by the nature of the information and its disclosure is
reasonably expected be treated in a confidential manner (collectively
“Confidential Information”). You agree to treat Confidential Information
with at least the same degree of care as you use for its own
confidential information of a similar nature, but will in no event use
less than reasonable care and to limit access to the Confidential
Information to employees who have a need to know for the purposes of
this Agreement. You agree not to use Confidential Information for any
purpose other than permitted under this License and not to disclose any
Confidential Information to any third party, except as may be required
by law or with Young Alfred’s prior written consent. You acknowledge
that any violation of the confidentiality obligations of this Section
would cause irreparable harm to Young Alfred.

## Miscellaneous

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Young
Alfred (and its Licensors) regarding your use of the SDK and supersedes
all prior agreements or communications.  This Agreement may not be
assigned or transferred by you without Young Alfred’s written
consent. Any attempted assignment in violation of this provision shall
be null and void.  Young Alfred may assign this Agreement at any time to
any direct or indirect subsidiary or to any successor of Young Alfred.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto, their heirs, administrators,
successors and assigns.  If any provision of this Agreement is found to
be invalid by any court, the invalidity of such provision shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. No
waiver shall be effective against Young Alfred or any Licensor unless
Young Alfred or such Licensor makes it in writing, and no such waiver
shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. All
disputes arising out of or relating to the SDK or this Agreement shall
be settled in accordance with the American Arbitration Association’s
rules for arbitration (the “Rules”) by a single arbitrator appointed in
accordance with the Rules; provided, however, that any claims for
equitable or provisional relief by Young Alfred or any Licensor, may, at
Young Alfred’s or such Licensor’s option, be submitted directly to any
court having jurisdiction over you.  Arbitration shall be held in the
state of Pennsylvania and shall be conducted in the English
language. You hereby waive any argument that any such court or
arbitrator does not have jurisdiction over you or that such venue is not
appropriate or convenient.






